\
\_\_NOTOC\_\_ 

***

Bitmessage is a P2P - i.e. **peer to peer** - communications
[protocol](Protocol_specification "wikilink") used to send encrypted
messages to another person or to many subscribers. It is decentralized
and trustless, meaning that you need-not inherently trust any entities
like root certificate authorities. It uses strong authentication which
means that the sender of a message cannot be spoofed, and it aims to
hide "non-content" data, like the sender and receiver of messages, from
passive eavesdroppers like those running warrantless wiretapping
programs. If Bitmessage is completely new to you, you may wish to start
by reading the [whitepaper](https://bitmessage.org/bitmessage.pdf).

***

### Download

An open source client is available for free under the very liberal [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php). For
screenshots and a description of the client, see this CryptoJunky
article: ["Setting Up And Using
Bitmessage"](http://cryptojunky.com/blog/2013/03/09/setting-up-and-using-bitmessage-an-encrypted-communications-platform-based-on-bitcoin/).

![](windows_icon.png "fig:windows_icon.png") [Download for Windows
(32bit)](https://github.com/Bitmessage/PyBitmessage/releases/download/v0.6.2/Bitmessage_x86_0.6.2.exe)
[(64bit)](https://github.com/Bitmessage/PyBitmessage/releases/download/v0.6.2/Bitmessage_x64_0.6.2.exe)

![](apple_icon.png "fig:apple_icon.png") [Download for OS
X](https://github.com/Bitmessage/PyBitmessage/releases/download/v0.6.2/bitmessage-v0.6.2.dmg)

![](tux.png "fig:tux.png") [Run the source
code](Compiling_instructions "wikilink")

### Source code

You may view the Python [source code on
Github](https://github.com/Bitmessage/PyBitmessage). Bitmessage requires
PyQt and OpenSSL. Step-by-step instructions on how to run the source
code on Linux, Windows, or OSX is [available
here](Compiling_instructions "wikilink").

### Contribute

Please follow the [contribution guidelines](Contribute "wikilink") when
contributing code or translations.

### Security audit needed

Bitmessage is in need of an independent audit to verify its security. If
you are a researcher capable of reviewing the source code, please
[email](https://bitmessage.org/misc/emailaddress.png) the lead
developer. You will be helping to create a great privacy option for
people everywhere!

### Forum

-   Visit or subscribe to the [Bitmessage
    subreddit](https://pay.reddit.com/r/bitmessage).
-   A community-based forum for questions, feedback, and discussion is
    also available at
    [Bitmessage.org/forum](https://bitmessage.org/forum).

